um hello youtube this is rascal that's
home today I will be doing another Lego
Harry Potter custom review today as you
can see is a number 12 Grimmauld place
this is a cool MOC it looks like if I
could determine based on the size of it
if it was a real Lego set it would
probably around $25 um but it's cool I
have a lot of minifigures in here um I
made it look a lot I try to make it look
a lot like the movie so um yes it
started so let me just first start by
showing there's the platform's it's
built on but that's basically what I do
I take big platforms pull my box on and
then use smaller one by some platforms
you know to connect them all together so
it don't lot of my mocks you have two
fencing pieces to pick up fencing pieces
over here you have um just some plant
details I remember there was a couple
there a couple shrubs or along the side
um yeah just got some plants and then
right here you have got the steps with
the railings because and I looked at a
lot of pictures of this and should make
a little bit realistic as possible you
have two studs right there just forget
about those I would put 1 by 1 bricks
there but and it's fine it's no big deal
the window this is like a secret play
that's this place kinda like supposed to
be okay I don't like to open up because
when you do open it you can see the elf
heads inside of that outside of the
building it's fine I know it may just
even close off you have the door with
the those pieces were from the 2004
Hogwarts Express not the motorists one
it probably did from that one but I
don't add the other one side the
original once I just put the one 204
number 12 on them
I find that these grapple pieces worked
really well as Windows so I use those
for to the top windows on this up you
have a little railing piece right there
and then some roof tiles so and then a
lot of light grades and see if line dark
long dark grey line right there which is
indicating the platform for the
second-story door also can't open off
anymore I'm not in the inside
and yeah let's go there right now so as
you can see lot of stuff going on the
inside start on the bottom floor first
you have Kingsley Shacklebolt I love
that me figure yeah
Sirius Black you have to move up
extendable here here um you have mad-eye
Moody and then you also have Molly
Weasley choose only one out of all these
are custom it's um Matta is cane it's
Costin and Kingsley's custom although I
got the torso and I got the tortoise
design from the OSHA's out of 1000 give
us the barrel over there to hold wands
you have a small little staircase right
there the--the just to brooks wide um
and then so yeah that's pretty cool and
then hey i'm the wari here you've got a
set of elf heads because of you remember
they had elf heads and said little cases
and the books and movies they might have
been the mood I think they're just in
the books though they might have shown
partner in the movie anyway basically
yeah I didn't actually have enough I
only have one Lego elf that's dough
being of course and so I couldn't have
said the spirits I don't have one of
them so I didn't really act like you
don't actually have a real elephant
piece I just took those them and I know
this video elves actually I don't have
creature in the set I haven't built a
custom creature because if I did I own
like I said only have one house off
which is Adobe so if I'd made a creature
I won't have Adobe so that would kind of
suck yeah so yeah like I said barrel
will hold ones good ones and then you
have the door hinges over here it does
open yes I'm you have some um some
pillars on each side and snakes are
there for like decoration like kind of
like in the silver in common room for
the newer Hogwarts castle set you know
they have the how they have the snakes
inside of it it's kind of like for
decoration well that's
know what these are for just like little
decorational pieces like metal snakes or
whatever hanging on the walls then right
here you have make big main meeting
table it's not too big I know um it
works the flower gum all set of flowers
some flowers on it
then the Quibbler Harry Potter speaks up
let's be said at last
then just some 1 by 1 or any 1 by 8
benches those hold the table up and then
like I said the stairs don't really
actually lead up to lead up stairs they
just leave right there let's go get up
here no I know you're probably wondering
yeah this is the extendable year I did
not create invent that I did not make
that design though mr. duck - from 98 I
got that idea from in fact that might be
the exact same it says I don't know I
haven't seen that video in a while of
his but um I'm pretty sure that wasn't
the same design he used in his video so
shout out to him - so you just have
George Manning it you have Fred right
here and Harry Potter with the shorter
hair that he hadn't the and a couple of
the movies I think something but most uh
make the last movie is the last couple
movies he had the one right there just
have a chair and a table this is bit
yeah this is basic the bedroom that they
were staying in and well and I didn't
put Buckbeak in the smock I know yeah he
was um staying at the blacks house but I
just didn't have enough space to put
them in here and you have to run laying
on the bed many of gee casual uniform
it's good designs pretty basic too as
you can see the beds are green because
obviously this was a kind of like more
of a Slytherin house you know I mean
like a lot of like all the blacks were
in Slytherin so then just have the
windows right there and like I said I
think those make really great windows so
so
yeah exactly I think that's basically
yet I mean sure you smoke for a while
cuz I really like it the first one I
think in my first shot of this video or
one of my shot ups video I think I
mentioned that I was gonna I'm wanted to
do this mock soon but it was so terrible
mock that I've been holding off for on
it well um I redid it
um I'd redid the top floor the bottom
floor the windows up here looks really
crappy solution of these black plated
handle bar ones
yeah so um could he have those the
handle bar pieces but um yeah anyway
thanks for watching guys I'm describing
see you later but